Convert to turbo repo, update tooling (#8)
xmtp/xmtp-js-content-types: packages/content-type-remote-attachment/README.md

> # Remote Attachment Content Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Remote attachment content type
```

const message: DecodedMessage = await loadLastMessage();

if (!message.contentType.sameAs(ContentTypeRemoteAttachment)) {
  // We do not have a remote attachment. A topic for another blog post.
  return;
}

// We've got a remote attachment.
const remoteAttachment: RemoteAttachment = message.content;
```

### Download, decrypt, and decode the attachment

Now that you can receive a remote attachment, you need to download, decrypt, and decode it so your app can display it. For example:

```tsx
const attachment: Attachment = await RemoteAttachmentCodec.load(
  remoteAttachment,
  client, // <- Your XMTP Client instance
);
```

You now have the original attachment:

```tsx
attachment.filename; // => "screenshot.png"
attachment.mimeType; // => "image/png",
attachment.data; // => [the PNG data]
```

### Display the attachment

Display the attachment in your app as you please. For example, you can display it as an image:

```tsx
const objectURL = URL.createObjectURL(
  new Blob([Buffer.from(attachment.data)], {
    type: attachment.mimeType,
  }),
);

const img = document.createElement("img");
img.src = objectURL;
img.title = attachment.filename;
```

> To learn more, see [Some new content types](https://xmtp.org/blog/attachments-and-remote-attachments).

Reviewer: We updated the title to be a little clearer about the contents:

```suggestion
To learn more, see [Introducing remote media attachments](https://xmtp.org/blog/attachments-and-remote-attachments).
```
